docs/status.en.md, before:

# Status Of Services

???- bug "Scheduled maintenance"

     | Date        | Time interval    | Note                                        |
     |:------------|:----------------:|:-------------------------------------------:|
     | 25.10.2025  |05:30 - 6:30 EET  | **XMPP** service interruptions are possible |

## Account Registrations

| Тype              |Rate Limit              |Status                           |
|:------------------|:----------------------:|-------------------------:|
| Online            |One per hour            |![Registration Status](https://uptime.tinyserver.eu/api/badge/141/status?label=&upLabel=OPEN&downLabel=CLOSED) |
| Installed Client  |One per hour from an IP |![Registration Status](https://uptime.tinyserver.eu/api/badge/141/status?label=&upLabel=OPEN&downLabel=CLOSED) |

## Availability - **XMPP**

| Indicator                          | Value                                                                          |
|:-----------------------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| Average ping for the last 24 hours | ![Ping Average](https://uptime.tinyserver.eu/api/badge/137/ping?label=)        |
| Uptime for the last 24 hours       | ![Uptime 24h](https://uptime.tinyserver.eu/api/badge/121/uptime/24?label=)     |
| Uptime for the last 7 days         | ![Uptime 7 days](https://uptime.tinyserver.eu/api/badge/121/uptime/168?label=) |
| Uptime for the last 30 days        | ![Uptime 7 days](https://uptime.tinyserver.eu/api/badge/121/uptime/720?label=) |

## Compliance and Compatibility - **XMPP**

| Test                    |Result                                                                     |
|:------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| **XMPP** Compliance     | <a href='https://compliance.conversations.im/server/chatrix.one'><img src='https://compliance.conversations.im/badge/chatrix.one'></a> |
| **XMPP Providers**      | <a href="https://providers.xmpp.net/provider/chatrix.one/"><img alt="chatrix.one badge" src="https://data.xmpp.net/providers/v2/badges/chatrix.one.svg"></a> |
|**XMPP Network Graph** | <a href="https://xmppnetwork.goodbytes.im/?focus=chatrix.one"><img alt="chatrix.one badge" src="https://xmppnetwork.goodbytes.im/badge/chatrix.one.svg"></a> |

## Security and Cryptography

| Test            | Result    |
|:----------------|:---------:|
| DNSSEC and DANE | <a href='https://www.huque.com/bin/danecheck?domain=chatrix.one&port=5223&starttls=None&namecheck=on'><img src='https://img.shields.io/badge/DNSSEC%2BDANE_Check-A-4da050?logo=data:image/svg%2bxml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIGhlaWdodD0iMjRweCIgdmlld0JveD0iMCAtOTYwIDk2MCA5NjAiIHdpZHRoPSIyNHB4IiBmaWxsPSIjZThlYWVkIj48cGF0aCBkPSJNNDIwLTM0MGgxMjB2LTEwMGgxMDB2LTEyMEg1NDB2LTEwMEg0MjB2MTAwSDMyMHYxMjBoMTAwdjEwMFptNjAgMjYwcS0xMzktMzUtMjI5LjUtMTU5LjVUMTYwLTUxNnYtMjQ0bDMyMC0xMjAgMzIwIDEyMHYyNDRxMCAxNTItOTAuNSAyNzYuNVQ0ODAtODBabTAtODRxMTA0LTMzIDE3Mi0xMzJ0NjgtMjIwdi0xODlsLTI0MC05MC0yNDAgOTB2MTg5cTAgMTIxIDY4IDIyMHQxNzIgMTMyWm0wLTMxNloiLz48L3N2Zz4='></a> |
| CryptCheck | <a href='https://cryptcheck.fr/xmpp/chatrix.one'><img src='https://img.shields.io/badge/CryptCheck-A%2B-4da050?logo=data:image/svg%2bxml;base64,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'></a> |

## Availability - Websites

### [Documentation](https://docs.chatrix.one)

| Indicator                          | Value                                                                      |
|:-----------------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| Average ping for the last 24 hours |![Ping Average](https://uptime.tinyserver.eu/api/badge/135/ping)            |
| Uptime for the last 24 hours       |![Uptime 24h](https://uptime.tinyserver.eu/api/badge/135/uptime/24?label=)  |
| Uptime for the last 7 days         |![Uptime 24h](https://uptime.tinyserver.eu/api/badge/135/uptime/168?label=) |
| Uptime for the last 30 days        |![Uptime 24h](https://uptime.tinyserver.eu/api/badge/135/uptime/720?label=) |

### [Blog](https://blog.chatrix.one)

| Indicator                          |Value                                                                           |
|:-----------------------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| Average ping for the last 24 hours | ![Ping Average](https://uptime.tinyserver.eu/api/badge/124/ping?label=)        |
| Uptime for the last 24 hours       | ![Uptime 24h](https://uptime.tinyserver.eu/api/badge/124/uptime/24?label=)     |
| Uptime for the last 7 days         | ![Uptime 7 days](https://uptime.tinyserver.eu/api/badge/124/uptime/168?label=) |
| Uptime for the last 7 days         | ![Uptime 7 days](https://uptime.tinyserver.eu/api/badge/124/uptime/720?label=) |

## Technical data

### XMPP Server

| Parameter        | Value                          |
|:-----------------|:------------------------------:|
| Processor        | ARM Ampere                     |
| RAM              | 12GB                           |
| Disk Space       | 64GB                           |
| File System      | ext4                           |
| Operating System | Ubuntu 22.04 (Jammy Jellyfish) |
| Ejabberd version | 25.08                          |
| Backup           | Weekly                         |
| Location         | Switzerland                    |
| Powered with     | 100% Renewable energy          |

<!-- [<img src="https://app.greenweb.org/api/v3/greencheckimage/chatrix.one?nocache=true" alt="This website runs on green hosting - verified by thegreenwebfoundation.org" width="200px" height="95px">](https://www.thegreenwebfoundation.org/green-web-check/?url=chatrix.one) -->

#### Information about XEPs

| XEP                                        | Availability                   |
|:-------------------------------------------|:------------------------------:|
| XEP-0045: Multi-User Chat                  | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0054: vcard-temp                       | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0065: SOCKS5 Bytestreams (Proxy)       | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0077: In-Band Registration             | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0115: Entity Capabilities              | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0153: vCard-Based Avatar (MUC)         | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0156: Discovering Alternative XMPP Connection Methods (HTTP) | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0157: Contact Addresses for XMPP Services (Abuse) | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0160: Best Practices for Handling Offline Messages | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0163: PEP (Avatars / OMEMO)            | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0191: Blocking Command                 | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0198: Stream Management                | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0215: External Service Discovery STUN  | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0215: External Service Discovery TURN  | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0258: Security Labels in XMPP          | :octicons-x-12:{ .red}         |
| XEP-0237: Roster Versioning                | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0280: Message Carbons                  | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0288: Bidirectional Server-to-Server Connections | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0313: Message Archive Management       | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0313: Message Archive Management - MUC | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0313: Message Archive Management (extended usage) | :octicons-x-12:{ .red} |
| XEP-0352: Client State Indication          | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0357: Push Notifications               | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0363: HTTP File Upload                 | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0368: SRV records for XMPP over TLS    | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0384: OMEMO Encryption                 | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0386: Bind 2                           | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0388: Extensible SASL Profile          | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0398: Avatar Conversion                | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0402: PEP Native Bookmarks             | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0411: Bookmarks Conversion             | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0444: Message Reactions                | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0480: SASL Upgrade Tasks               | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0484: Fast Authentication Streamlining Tokens | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0485: PubSub Server Information        | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |

#### File upload limits

| Limit                     | Value    |
|:--------------------------|:--------:|
| Single file upload        | 100 MB   |
| Total volume - soft limit | 950 MB   |
| Total volume - hard limit | 1000 MB  |
| Storage period            | 28 days  |

#### Offline message limits

| User           | Total |
|:---------------|:-----:|
| Standard       | 100   |
| Sponsor :star: | 1000  |

### Backup server

| Parameter        | Value                |
|:-----------------|:--------------------:|
| Processor        | AMD EPYC 3251        |
| RAM              | 64GB                 |
| Disk Space       | 5TB                  |
| File System      | ZFS (RAIDZ-1)        |
| Operating System | Debian 13 (Trixie)   |
| Location         | Bulgaria             |

## Information about occurred incidents

!!! abstract "Incidents"

     There are currently no documented incidents.

## Update history

### 29.08.2025

#### Update Ejabberd to version [25.08](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases/tag/25.08)

- Improvements in Matrix gateway;
- Fixed ACME in Erlang/OTP 28.0.2;
- New `mod_providers` to serve XMPP Providers file;
- Improved Unicode support in configuration;
- New option `conversejs_plugins` to enable OMEMO;
- Easier erlang node name change with `mnesia_change`;
- Colorized interactive log;
- Document API tags in modules.

### 20.07.2025

#### Update Ejabberd to version [25.07](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases/tag/25.07)

- Spam filter with block lists support;
- Support for XEP-0485: PubSub Server Information;
- Support for older Matrix rooms in ejabberd XMPP <-> Matrix Gateway;

### 17.04.2025

#### Update Ejabberd to version [25.04](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases/tag/25.04)

- Аn important security fix and several bug fixes;
- Fix handling multiple occupant-id;
- New API command.

### 06.03.2025

#### Update Ejabberd to version [25.03](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases/tag/25.03)

- Matrix Gateway Gets Room Support;
- Multiple Simultaneous Password Types;
- Execute API Commands Using XMPP Client.

### 26.12.2024

#### Update Ejabberd to version [24.12](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases/tag/24.12)

- Improvements and bug fixes;
- [XEP-0484: Fast Authentication Streamlining Tokens](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases/tag/24.12#484) - Reduces authentication time, providing faster startup for mobile clients;
- [Commands API v3](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases#apiv3).

### 27.11.2024

#### New Logo Design

![Chatrix.One Logo](resources/img/chatrix-logo-white.png#only-dark){ width="200" }
![Chatrix.One Logo](resources/img/chatrix-logo-blue.png#only-light){ width="200" }

### 30.10.2024

#### Update Ejabberd to version [24.10](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases/tag/24.10)

- XEP-0288: Bidirectional s2s Connections;
- XEP-0480: SASL Upgrade Tasks;
- IQ permission in privileged entities;
- PubSub varied fixes;
- WebAdmin improvements.

### 22.07.2024

#### Update Ejabberd to version [24.07](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases/tag/24.07)

- Mostly a bugfix release for the recent update to version 24.06;
- Few improvements.

### 29.06.2024

#### Update Ejabberd to version [24.06](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases/tag/24.06)

- Improved Web-based administration;
- Improved architecture and **API**.

### 29.02.2024

#### Update Ejabberd to version [24.02](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases/tag/24.02)

- New: Matrix Federation - Provides the ability to connect to Matrix servers;
- Improved communication security by supporting TLS 1.3 and SASL2;
- Improved performance by implementing Bind 2;
- Better message control: Support for XEP-0424 (message retraction). It allows users to manage their message history and remove anything they posted by mistake;
- Optimized server ping via XEP-0198;
- Streamlined API versioning;
- Enhanced Elixir, Mix and Rebar3 Support.

### 14.11.2023

#### Updated Ejabberd to version [23.10](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases/tag/23.10)

- Added support for XEP-0402: PEP Native Bookmarks, which is a significant improvement over XEP-0048: Bookmark Storage. Defines how bookmarks are stored;
- New: `mod_muc_occupantid` with support for XEP-0421: Occupant Id. Used for MUC anonymous rooms, fixing messages and withdrawing messages. Currently, the only client found to support XEP-0421 is Dino - version 0.4 and above;
- Many new options and features. For more information, see the official article on the [ProcessOne](https://www.process-one.net/) web site about what's new in version [23.10](https://www.process-one.net/blog/ejabberd-23-10/).

### 26.04.2023

#### Updated Ejabberd to version [23.04](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases/tag/23.04)

- Many improvements in SQL databases;
- New: `mod_mam` support for [XEP-0425: Message Moderation](https://xmpp.org/extensions/xep-0425.html);
- New: `mod_muc_rtbl` support for **Real-Time Block List for MUC rooms**.

### 20.01.2023

#### Updated Ejabberd to version [23.01](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases/tag/23.01)

- New: Registrations are open, using the online form or an installed client, protected by a **CAPTCHA** challenge.

### 30.10.2022

#### Updated Ejabberd to version [22.10](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases/tag/22.10)

### 16.08.2022

#### Service migration from Prosody [0.12.1](https://prosody.im/doc/release/0.12.1) to EJabberd [22.05](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/ releases/tag/22.05)

- New virtual server in the Swiss data center of **ORACLE Cloud**;
- New domain.

Commit message:

Update Status RSA to ECC TLS certificates

docs/status.en.md, after:

# Status Of Services

???- bug "Scheduled maintenance"

     | Date        | Time interval    | Note                                        |
     |:------------|:----------------:|:-------------------------------------------:|
     | 25.10.2025  |05:30 - 6:30 EET  | **XMPP** service interruptions are possible |

## Account Registrations

| Тype              |Rate Limit              |Status                           |
|:------------------|:----------------------:|-------------------------:|
| Online            |One per hour            |![Registration Status](https://uptime.tinyserver.eu/api/badge/141/status?label=&upLabel=OPEN&downLabel=CLOSED) |
| Installed Client  |One per hour from an IP |![Registration Status](https://uptime.tinyserver.eu/api/badge/141/status?label=&upLabel=OPEN&downLabel=CLOSED) |

## Availability - **XMPP**

| Indicator                          | Value                                                                          |
|:-----------------------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| Average ping for the last 24 hours | ![Ping Average](https://uptime.tinyserver.eu/api/badge/137/ping?label=)        |
| Uptime for the last 24 hours       | ![Uptime 24h](https://uptime.tinyserver.eu/api/badge/121/uptime/24?label=)     |
| Uptime for the last 7 days         | ![Uptime 7 days](https://uptime.tinyserver.eu/api/badge/121/uptime/168?label=) |
| Uptime for the last 30 days        | ![Uptime 7 days](https://uptime.tinyserver.eu/api/badge/121/uptime/720?label=) |

## Compliance and Compatibility - **XMPP**

| Test                    |Result                                                                     |
|:------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| **XMPP** Compliance     | <a href='https://compliance.conversations.im/server/chatrix.one'><img src='https://compliance.conversations.im/badge/chatrix.one'></a> |
| **XMPP Providers**      | <a href="https://providers.xmpp.net/provider/chatrix.one/"><img alt="chatrix.one badge" src="https://data.xmpp.net/providers/v2/badges/chatrix.one.svg"></a> |
|**XMPP Network Graph** | <a href="https://xmppnetwork.goodbytes.im/?focus=chatrix.one"><img alt="chatrix.one badge" src="https://xmppnetwork.goodbytes.im/badge/chatrix.one.svg"></a> |

## Security and Cryptography

| Test            | Result    |
|:----------------|:---------:|
| DNSSEC and DANE | <a href='https://www.huque.com/bin/danecheck?domain=chatrix.one&port=5223&starttls=None&namecheck=on'><img src='https://img.shields.io/badge/DNSSEC%2BDANE_Check-A-4da050?logo=data:image/svg%2bxml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIGhlaWdodD0iMjRweCIgdmlld0JveD0iMCAtOTYwIDk2MCA5NjAiIHdpZHRoPSIyNHB4IiBmaWxsPSIjZThlYWVkIj48cGF0aCBkPSJNNDIwLTM0MGgxMjB2LTEwMGgxMDB2LTEyMEg1NDB2LTEwMEg0MjB2MTAwSDMyMHYxMjBoMTAwdjEwMFptNjAgMjYwcS0xMzktMzUtMjI5LjUtMTU5LjVUMTYwLTUxNnYtMjQ0bDMyMC0xMjAgMzIwIDEyMHYyNDRxMCAxNTItOTAuNSAyNzYuNVQ0ODAtODBabTAtODRxMTA0LTMzIDE3Mi0xMzJ0NjgtMjIwdi0xODlsLTI0MC05MC0yNDAgOTB2MTg5cTAgMTIxIDY4IDIyMHQxNzIgMTMyWm0wLTMxNloiLz48L3N2Zz4='></a> |
| CryptCheck | <a href='https://cryptcheck.fr/xmpp/chatrix.one'><img src='https://img.shields.io/badge/CryptCheck-A%2B-4da050?logo=data:image/svg%2bxml;base64,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'></a> |

## Availability - Websites

### [Documentation](https://docs.chatrix.one)

| Indicator                          | Value                                                                      |
|:-----------------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| Average ping for the last 24 hours |![Ping Average](https://uptime.tinyserver.eu/api/badge/135/ping)            |
| Uptime for the last 24 hours       |![Uptime 24h](https://uptime.tinyserver.eu/api/badge/135/uptime/24?label=)  |
| Uptime for the last 7 days         |![Uptime 24h](https://uptime.tinyserver.eu/api/badge/135/uptime/168?label=) |
| Uptime for the last 30 days        |![Uptime 24h](https://uptime.tinyserver.eu/api/badge/135/uptime/720?label=) |

### [Blog](https://blog.chatrix.one)

| Indicator                          |Value                                                                           |
|:-----------------------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| Average ping for the last 24 hours | ![Ping Average](https://uptime.tinyserver.eu/api/badge/124/ping?label=)        |
| Uptime for the last 24 hours       | ![Uptime 24h](https://uptime.tinyserver.eu/api/badge/124/uptime/24?label=)     |
| Uptime for the last 7 days         | ![Uptime 7 days](https://uptime.tinyserver.eu/api/badge/124/uptime/168?label=) |
| Uptime for the last 7 days         | ![Uptime 7 days](https://uptime.tinyserver.eu/api/badge/124/uptime/720?label=) |

## Technical data

### XMPP Server

| Parameter        | Value                          |
|:-----------------|:------------------------------:|
| Processor        | ARM Ampere                     |
| RAM              | 12GB                           |
| Disk Space       | 64GB                           |
| File System      | ext4                           |
| Operating System | Ubuntu 22.04 (Jammy Jellyfish) |
| Ejabberd version | 25.08                          |
| Backup           | Weekly                         |
| Location         | Switzerland                    |
| Powered with     | 100% Renewable energy          |

<!-- [<img src="https://app.greenweb.org/api/v3/greencheckimage/chatrix.one?nocache=true" alt="This website runs on green hosting - verified by thegreenwebfoundation.org" width="200px" height="95px">](https://www.thegreenwebfoundation.org/green-web-check/?url=chatrix.one) -->

#### Information about XEPs

| XEP                                        | Availability                   |
|:-------------------------------------------|:------------------------------:|
| XEP-0045: Multi-User Chat                  | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0054: vcard-temp                       | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0065: SOCKS5 Bytestreams (Proxy)       | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0077: In-Band Registration             | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0115: Entity Capabilities              | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0153: vCard-Based Avatar (MUC)         | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0156: Discovering Alternative XMPP Connection Methods (HTTP) | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0157: Contact Addresses for XMPP Services (Abuse) | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0160: Best Practices for Handling Offline Messages | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0163: PEP (Avatars / OMEMO)            | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0191: Blocking Command                 | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0198: Stream Management                | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0215: External Service Discovery STUN  | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0215: External Service Discovery TURN  | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0258: Security Labels in XMPP          | :octicons-x-12:{ .red}         |
| XEP-0237: Roster Versioning                | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0280: Message Carbons                  | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0288: Bidirectional Server-to-Server Connections | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0313: Message Archive Management       | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0313: Message Archive Management - MUC | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0313: Message Archive Management (extended usage) | :octicons-x-12:{ .red} |
| XEP-0352: Client State Indication          | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0357: Push Notifications               | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0363: HTTP File Upload                 | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0368: SRV records for XMPP over TLS    | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0384: OMEMO Encryption                 | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0386: Bind 2                           | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0388: Extensible SASL Profile          | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0398: Avatar Conversion                | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0402: PEP Native Bookmarks             | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0411: Bookmarks Conversion             | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0444: Message Reactions                | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0480: SASL Upgrade Tasks               | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0484: Fast Authentication Streamlining Tokens | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |
| XEP-0485: PubSub Server Information        | :material-check-bold:{ .green} |

#### File upload limits

| Limit                     | Value    |
|:--------------------------|:--------:|
| Single file upload        | 100 MB   |
| Total volume - soft limit | 950 MB   |
| Total volume - hard limit | 1000 MB  |
| Storage period            | 28 days  |

#### Offline message limits

| User           | Total |
|:---------------|:-----:|
| Standard       | 100   |
| Sponsor :star: | 1000  |

### Backup server

| Parameter        | Value                |
|:-----------------|:--------------------:|
| Processor        | AMD EPYC 3251        |
| RAM              | 64GB                 |
| Disk Space       | 5TB                  |
| File System      | ZFS (RAIDZ-1)        |
| Operating System | Debian 13 (Trixie)   |
| Location         | Bulgaria             |

## Information about occurred incidents

!!! abstract "Incidents"

     There are currently no documented incidents.

## Update history
### 25.09.2025

#### Changes in the generation of **TLS** certificates

- The issuer of **[TLS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transport_Layer_Security)** certificates has been changed from **[ZeroSSL](https://zerossl.com/)** to **[Let's Encrypt**](https://letsencrypt.org/);
- The algorithm for generating **TLS** certificates has been changed, with the previous **[RSA 2048](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RSA_cryptosystem)** being replaced with **[ECC-384](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elliptic-curve_cryptography)**.

### 29.08.2025

#### Update Ejabberd to version [25.08](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases/tag/25.08)

- Improvements in Matrix gateway;
- Fixed ACME in Erlang/OTP 28.0.2;
- New `mod_providers` to serve XMPP Providers file;
- Improved Unicode support in configuration;
- New option `conversejs_plugins` to enable OMEMO;
- Easier erlang node name change with `mnesia_change`;
- Colorized interactive log;
- Document API tags in modules.

### 20.07.2025

#### Update Ejabberd to version [25.07](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases/tag/25.07)

- Spam filter with block lists support;
- Support for XEP-0485: PubSub Server Information;
- Support for older Matrix rooms in ejabberd XMPP <-> Matrix Gateway;

### 17.04.2025

#### Update Ejabberd to version [25.04](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases/tag/25.04)

- Аn important security fix and several bug fixes;
- Fix handling multiple occupant-id;
- New API command.

### 06.03.2025

#### Update Ejabberd to version [25.03](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases/tag/25.03)

- Matrix Gateway Gets Room Support;
- Multiple Simultaneous Password Types;
- Execute API Commands Using XMPP Client.

### 26.12.2024

#### Update Ejabberd to version [24.12](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases/tag/24.12)

- Improvements and bug fixes;
- [XEP-0484: Fast Authentication Streamlining Tokens](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases/tag/24.12#484) - Reduces authentication time, providing faster startup for mobile clients;
- [Commands API v3](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases#apiv3).

### 27.11.2024

#### New Logo Design

![Chatrix.One Logo](resources/img/chatrix-logo-white.png#only-dark){ width="200" }
![Chatrix.One Logo](resources/img/chatrix-logo-blue.png#only-light){ width="200" }

### 30.10.2024

#### Update Ejabberd to version [24.10](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases/tag/24.10)

- XEP-0288: Bidirectional s2s Connections;
- XEP-0480: SASL Upgrade Tasks;
- IQ permission in privileged entities;
- PubSub varied fixes;
- WebAdmin improvements.

### 22.07.2024

#### Update Ejabberd to version [24.07](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases/tag/24.07)

- Mostly a bugfix release for the recent update to version 24.06;
- Few improvements.

### 29.06.2024

#### Update Ejabberd to version [24.06](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases/tag/24.06)

- Improved Web-based administration;
- Improved architecture and **API**.

### 29.02.2024

#### Update Ejabberd to version [24.02](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases/tag/24.02)

- New: Matrix Federation - Provides the ability to connect to Matrix servers;
- Improved communication security by supporting TLS 1.3 and SASL2;
- Improved performance by implementing Bind 2;
- Better message control: Support for XEP-0424 (message retraction). It allows users to manage their message history and remove anything they posted by mistake;
- Optimized server ping via XEP-0198;
- Streamlined API versioning;
- Enhanced Elixir, Mix and Rebar3 Support.

### 14.11.2023

#### Updated Ejabberd to version [23.10](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases/tag/23.10)

- Added support for XEP-0402: PEP Native Bookmarks, which is a significant improvement over XEP-0048: Bookmark Storage. Defines how bookmarks are stored;
- New: `mod_muc_occupantid` with support for XEP-0421: Occupant Id. Used for MUC anonymous rooms, fixing messages and withdrawing messages. Currently, the only client found to support XEP-0421 is Dino - version 0.4 and above;
- Many new options and features. For more information, see the official article on the [ProcessOne](https://www.process-one.net/) web site about what's new in version [23.10](https://www.process-one.net/blog/ejabberd-23-10/).

### 26.04.2023

#### Updated Ejabberd to version [23.04](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases/tag/23.04)

- Many improvements in SQL databases;
- New: `mod_mam` support for [XEP-0425: Message Moderation](https://xmpp.org/extensions/xep-0425.html);
- New: `mod_muc_rtbl` support for **Real-Time Block List for MUC rooms**.

### 20.01.2023

#### Updated Ejabberd to version [23.01](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases/tag/23.01)

- New: Registrations are open, using the online form or an installed client, protected by a **CAPTCHA** challenge.

### 30.10.2022

#### Updated Ejabberd to version [22.10](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/releases/tag/22.10)

### 16.08.2022

#### Service migration from Prosody [0.12.1](https://prosody.im/doc/release/0.12.1) to EJabberd [22.05](https://github.com/processone/ejabberd/ releases/tag/22.05)

- New virtual server in the Swiss data center of **ORACLE Cloud**;
- New domain.
